IF updates - Large deposits-withdrawals on pairs (#237)
NethermindEth/Forta-Agents: Impossible-Finance-Agents/Large-Deposit-Withdraw-On-Pairs/README.md

## Description

This bot detects large add/remove Liquidity in Impossible Finance Pairs

> - Pairs are taken form the factory `0x918d7e714243F7d9d463C37e106235dCde294ffC`
> - Large is defined based on a percent of the reserves of each token
> - Used Mint/Burn events to detect add/remove Liquidity

## Supported Chains

- Binance Smart Chain

## Alerts

- IMPOSSIBLE-9-1

>   - Fired when a transaction add large Liquidity to an Impossible Finance Pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fired when a transaction adds large Liquidity to an Impossible Finance Pool
```
Small fix

    - `reserves1`: Amount of reserves of `token1` at the beginning of the block

- IMPOSSIBLE-9-2

>   - Fired when a transaction remove large Liquidity to an Impossible Finance Pool

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Fired when a transaction removes large Liquidity from an Impossible Finance Pool
```
Small fix
